hi everyone I just wanted to take on the
five minute makeup challenge my soul
Candace hat did it and respond to
somebody else watch alan sharp and i
think it's such a great challenge
because it's something i think every
woman should know how to do is put your
makeup on and go so i'm not even gonna
tie myself because i actually do this to
myself being that i have three kids and
my husband is always hiring me up like
how much longer you gonna be in there
blah blah blah so from this point on ur
oh I actually got I'm kind of doing the
tire brakes inspired look on how she did
on her two videos that i have in my
favorites so from the time that i
stopped talking you guys can tire me
imagine the tire myself i'm just going
to go ahead and do it and i'll tell you
what i'm doing homework okay so let's
get started personal if I my foundation
my lighter foundation with my buffer
brush in my T's own and again the t-zone
was really important because this is
what's going to make it look like the
lake is hitting your face Said's and put
a running forehead or on your our eyes
and or on your back ok I'm going to take
that darker one now basically put a
whole new or your face run it in
okay I'm to take from that later
Luminizer and put it underneath my eyes
and down my nose this is kind of what
she did before she did her off I shot
applications put that lighter color arm
so when you put your eyeshadow on it
won't fall down your eyes and make a
darker i'm using this album a quad
amusing the letter pink to do over lid
color so this is going to be kind of
like my highlighter and my base coat for
my next color then go over with my big
brush I mean eyeshadow brush I captain
Coastal Scents now if you take this
buffer brush when you use the dark brown
side of this brazen hip color I'm going
to do a little check we look down your
eyes and you just crease it inside your
eyes now she using my F lending bus to
do this am i doing on time God and I'm
making it let me know I hope I am
because like I said I do this all the
time anyway okay so we got that done to
my crease all right I'm going to use my
liquid eye runner with the felt tip to
do a half I look here with the liner
unless you doesn't use any longer pluck
to me I was like I can't live without my
eyeliner help them do okay we got three
more steps here and this is that really
put
ok so that's done left from these my
clinique mascara with the goal to comb
on and the reason why I like this is
because if you are at a hurry just comme
des lashes up and you're ready to go
which is great I'm very again picky with
my eyelashes other things we separated
my full again maybe I'd love to hear me
talk my kabuki brush around Mac Dane
blush you can go ahead and put that in
my 3some do my cheeks first and then go
over and right three he was simple left
somebody's my manual override up with
the base coat the moisturizer on first
and next and put the other side just has
a little pink and shimmer in it and I
think that's about eight people that's
it this is my five-minute makeup look
and my little tire inspired eyes in my
blush in my lips I didn't think I did
because I love Tara I'm puts more blood
show because I love me some blush to
grow dr. guys too